Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What do you mean by "weed"?'
Rewritten: 'What are you talking about when you say "weed"?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do wisdom varies from person to person?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people have different levels of wisdom?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What are the different types of sins and how are they caused?'
Rewritten: 'What are the different kinds of bad things people do and why do they do them?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What does "see Leaflet" mean on Ept Pregnancy test?'
Rewritten: 'What does "see Leaflet" mean on the Ept Pregnancy test?'

Exercise: What is the purpose of the Ept
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how are braces put on and do they hurt a lot?'
Rewritten: 'How do orthodontists put braces on and do they hurt a lot?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'can anybody tell me what is a butler?'
Rewritten: 'who is a butler?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How to cook Angus burgers?'
Rewritten: 'How to make beef burgers?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is the difference between an ox and a bull?'
Rewritten: How are oxen and bulls different?

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is direct borrowing, phonological borrowing, linguistic borrowing, cultural borrowing,intimate borrowing?'
Rewritten: 'What is borrowing, when it happens, and why does it happen?'

Exercise: What is the difference between direct and indirect borrowing?
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what do i do if i have not started my period in like almost 6 months?'
Rewritten: 'What should I do if I haven't started my period in about 6 months?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why  is  the   war continuing  in  Afghanistan?'
Rewritten: 'Why is the war still going on in Afghanistan?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What's the Definition of a bloody mary?'
Rewritten: 'What is a Bloody Mary?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'If you could be an element of weather, which would you choose, and why?'
Rewritten: 'If you could be part of the weather, what would you pick, and why?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do we wee a lot in the cold weather especially at night?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we pee more when it's cold outside, especially at night?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What are the marketing gimmicks that will attract males?'
Rewritten: 'What are the tricks that will make men interested in something?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why live, when your in misery?'
Rewritten: 'Why bother living, when you're unhappy?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do airplanes fly so high?'
Rewritten: 'How do airplanes stay up in the sky?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do only Humans have Finger prints?'
Rewritten: 'Why do only Humans have Finger prints?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'i have had loose stools for a week...how do i make it stop?'
Rewritten: 'I've been having diarrhea for a week. What can I do to stop it?'

Exercise: What are some possible causes of loose
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do man Arabs hate the west ?'
Rewritten: 'Why do Arab people not like the western countries?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why does the sun shine?'
Rewritten: 'how does the sun give light?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why is lemonade at restaurants sometimes different?'
Rewritten: 'Why does lemonade taste different at restaurants?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Muslims Are The Happiest People Ever, Why?'
Rewritten: 'Why Are Muslims So Happy?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why is islam so hated in america?'
Rewritten: 'why do some people in america not like islam?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why did the Bush Admin cover up 9/11?'
Rewritten: 'Why did the Bush Administration hide the truth about 9/11?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How to "LOSE"all body fat ?'
Rewritten: 'How to get rid of all the fat in your body?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what are some good exercises to get rid of those love handles?'
Rewritten: 'how can I lose fat around my waist?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can you be more brilliant?'
Rewritten: 'How can you be smarter?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I get a cork out of, not into, a wine bottle without a corkscrew?'
Rewritten: 'How can I remove a cork from a wine bottle without a tool?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What's the proper way to express sorrow at a funeral?'
Rewritten: 'How do you show sadness at a funeral?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is masturbat***?'
Rewritten: 'What is masturbation?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is the difference in a dried plum and a dried prune?'
Rewritten: 'How are dried plums and dried prunes different?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is switching schools so depressing?'
Rewritten: 'Why do I feel so sad when I change schools?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do we go to school if in the real world we dont use most of it?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we learn things at school if we don't use them in real life?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is innate immunity?'
Rewritten: 'how does the body fight off germs without getting sick?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how could u get success?'
Rewritten: 'How could you achieve success?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is the history of indian music?'
Rewritten: 'when did indian music start?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do most cigarettes have the yellow filter?'
Rewritten: 'Why are most cigarettes yellow?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how is the library consider as a heart of university?'
Rewritten: 'How does the library play a central role in the university?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What do you speculate happened to Natalie Holloway in Aruba?'
Rewritten: 'What do you think happened to Natalie Holloway in Aruba?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why are liberals so quick to defend Saddam?'
Rewritten: 'Why do liberals always support Saddam?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why doesn't the bible make any sense?'
Rewritten: 'Why is the bible hard to understand?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How amoeba catches its prey?'
Rewritten: 'How does amoeba eat its food?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'if red bull is soo bad for people ,then why is it soo popular?'
Rewritten: 'If red bull is considered harmful to people, then why is it so widely consumed?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do i get my pitbull more agressive?'
Rewritten: 'How can I make my pitbull more aggressive?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do people judge a dog by what he looks like?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people think a dog is good or bad based on his appearance?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why can't teenagers vote?'
Rewritten: 'Why can't young people vote?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why does'nt America regard foriegn credentials?'
Rewritten: 'Why doesn't America accept foreign credentials?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what does the word remission mean when referring to cancer patients?'
Rewritten: 'What does it mean when someone with cancer is in remission?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how do I go about getting copies of letters of commendation prsented to me from city of san diego?'
Rewritten: 'How can I get copies of letters of praise from the city of San Diego?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why must I have an uncracked winshield in order to for my car to pass a safety inspeciton?'
Rewritten: 'Why do I need a windshield that hasn't been broken to pass a safety check for my car?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How Does Water Pressure Change?'
Rewritten: 'What Makes Water Push?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how do i find out if someone left me a life insurance policy?'
Rewritten: 'how can i check if someone gave me a life insurance policy?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to care for a spiked dragon and what to feed them?'
Rewritten: 'How to take care of a dragon with spikes and what to give them to eat?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I hunt down and punch the people that keep spamming me?'
Rewritten: 'How can I find and stop the people that send me unwanted messages?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why doesn't the water fall off  earth if it's round?'
Rewritten: 'Why doesn't the water stay on the earth if it's round?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to get rid of a skunk?'
Rewritten: 'how to make a skunk go away?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do you get rid of wart on your hand a using home method?'
Rewritten: 'How can you remove a wart from your hand without going to the doctor?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can we stop the spread of islam?'
Rewritten: 'How can we stop people from following islam?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do people ask questions they know?'
Rewritten: 'What makes people want to ask things they already know?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what can make someones ear's stink?'
Rewritten: 'What can make someone's ears smell bad?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what does 'wet behind the ears' mean?'
Rewritten: 'What does 'wet behind the ears' mean?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why did the army have personal cuts in the mid 1990's?'
Rewritten: 'Why did the army have personal cuts in the 1990s?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how cloning will affects our community?'
Rewritten: 'What will cloning do to our community?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What are the words to write the sound of raindrops, moving train & scribbling w/ pencil on paper figuratively?'
Rewritten: 'What are the words to describe the sound of rain, a train moving, and someone writing with a pencil on paper?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do some people take life so seriously?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some people worry too much about things?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is April 19th important?'
Rewritten: 'What makes April 19th special?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is a Bro?'
Rewritten: 'What is a Bro?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why girls are beautiful?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people think girls are pretty?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'USA have Snow, Hurricanes, Flood, Earthquakes and politicians, Brazil only have politicians, why?'
Rewritten: 'What are some natural disasters and political issues in the USA and Brazil?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I find an Inmate at Southwest Detention Center 30755 Auld Rd., Murrieta, CA 92563?'
Rewritten: 'How can I locate someone in the Southwest Detention Center in Murrieta, CA?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'I have mice.How do I get rid of them humanely?'
Rewritten: 'I have mice. How do I make them go away without hurting them?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to make my car faster?'
Rewritten: 'how to make my car go faster?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is yawning contagious?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we yawn when we see someone else yawn?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How patient a driver are you?'
Rewritten: 'How good of a driver are you?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I grow taller?'
Rewritten: 'How can I get taller?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can i cure the std or the sexually transmitted disease?'
Rewritten: 'how can i get rid of the infection or the sickness that can be passed from one person to another through sex?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How is ego a part of our survival instincts?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we need to think about ourselves to stay alive?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do black people like fried chicken somuch?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some people who have dark skin like fried chicken a lot?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How is Catholicism not Christianity?'
Rewritten: 'What makes Catholicism different from Christianity?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'we have pork chops, veal chops, lamb chops, why is there not any beef chops ?'
Rewritten: 'We have pork, veal, and lamb chops. Why aren't there any beef chops?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What does the sentence's mean?'
Rewritten: 'What does the sentence say?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do I keep seeing people on here 'dissing' on the soldiers in Iraq?'
Rewritten: 'Why do I keep seeing people on here saying bad things about the soldiers in Iraq?'

Exercise: What is the purpose of the '
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is GW dogged for not getting OBL yet killing Zarkawi is a non-event?'
Rewritten: 'Why is GW so focused on capturing Osama bin Laden but not on killing Abu Musab al-Zarqawi?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is the world so shallow?'
Rewritten: 'Why is the world not deep enough?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do you prevent chicken from drying out when you cook it?'
Rewritten: 'How do you keep chicken moist when you cook it?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do some animals hide in a dark place b4 they die?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some animals go into a dark place before they die?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why don't I have an asthma attack during sex?'
Rewritten: 'Why don't I have trouble breathing during sex?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what cause the car to have white smoke coming from the muffler and making a kicking or knocking sounds?'
Rewritten: 'why does the car make a loud noise and white smoke from the back?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is citriscidal?'
Rewritten: 'What is citriscidal?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why a man float on water when he dies?'
Rewritten: 'Why does a man float on water when he dies?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what are the symptoms of strep throat?'
Rewritten: 'how do you know if you have strep throat?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why does asparugus make your pee stink?'
Rewritten: 'Why does asparagus make your pee smell bad?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how were the witches tested in the salem witch trials?'
Rewritten: 'how did the people in salem find out if the witches were really witches?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can I hide the cuts on my wrists?'
Rewritten: 'how can I cover the marks on my arms?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I become a playa?'
Rewritten: 'What do I need to do to be a playa?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to handsew sequins?'
Rewritten: 'how to sew on shiny beads?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do people get hiccups, what are they, and what exactly is the best way to cure them?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we hiccup, what are hiccups, and how can we stop them?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how does disneyland make it snow?'
Rewritten: 'how does disneyland make it snow?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why does my friend buy...?'
Rewritten: 'Why does my friend buy things?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how soon can you drive on a newly paved driveway?'
Rewritten: 'When can I start driving on a new driveway?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do we need to tell customer service/operator about our sickness in order to make appointment w/ a doctor?'
Rewritten: 'Why do we have to tell customer service/operator about our sickness to make an appointment with a doctor?'

Exercise: What is the
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Causes and effects of the rise of Christanity?'
Rewritten: 'Why did Christianity become more popular and what happened because of it?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why some men never wash their hands after using the Urinal/Toilet?'
Rewritten: 'Why don't some guys always wash their hands after using the bathroom?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I know if a particular term or phrase is copyrighted?'
Rewritten: 'How can I tell if a word or sentence is protected by law?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do i know if my gold fish is pregnant?'
Rewritten: 'How can I tell if my goldfish is having babies?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is a wet dream?'
Rewritten: 'what is a dream when you wet yourself?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is minimalist cubisium?'
Rewritten: 'What is the name of the type of cubisium that has the smallest possible size?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to get 277 V AC ?'
Rewritten: 'How to get electricity from a wall socket?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Freedom of Speech - why don't people understand how to use it?'
Rewritten: 'Why don't people know how to use their right to speak freely?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Does anybody know where i could get a free guide on how to train a siberian husky?'
Rewritten: 'Can anyone tell me where I can find a free guide on how to train a husky?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I keep my rabit indoors?'
Rewritten: 'How can I keep my rabbit inside?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can we understand Islam and Muslims better?'
Rewritten: 'How can we learn more about Islam and the people who follow it?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do i have pterofobia?'
Rewritten: 'Why am I scared of flying?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is artificial intelligence?'
Rewritten: 'what is smart computer stuff?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why my GF feel like pissing during sexual intercourse?'
Rewritten: 'Why does my girlfriend feel like peeing during sex?'

Exercise: Rewrite the following sentence using simpler language: 'The most common
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Well the black light is UV light.So if it is "black" how can it be "light" ?'
Rewritten: 'The black light is a type of light that we can't see with our eyes. So if it's black, how can it be light?'
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how does Ultraviolet Light Affects Seed Germination and plant growth?'
Rewritten: 'What happens when plants are exposed to UV light?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do man rape little girls?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some men hurt little girls?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do men fantasized about raping women?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some men imagine hurting women?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is the importance of absolute zero temperature?'
Rewritten: 'Why is it important to have a really cold temperature?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why some people behave so rude without reason,is it due to their own problem?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some people act mean without a good reason, is it because of something wrong with them?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do you sell a junk car without a title?'
Rewritten: 'How do you get rid of a car that is not registered?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How were you saved from sin-and born again as Jesus says "Except you repent, and be born again..." How didYou?'
Rewritten: How did you become a Christian?

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do people drink Cuervo when it tastes the same going down as coming up?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people like Cuervo when it tastes the same no matter which way they drink it?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is the term milky way?'
Rewritten: 'what is the name of the big group of stars we see at night?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to design road crust for national highways?'
Rewritten: 'how to make roads strong and smooth for big cars?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why am I not able to concentrate on my studies?'
Rewritten: 'Why am I having trouble focusing on my schoolwork?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can we get concentration onsomething?'
Rewritten: 'How can we focus on something?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?'
Rewritten: 'What do Kamikaze pilots wear on their heads?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I determine the charge of the iron ion in FeCl3?'
Rewritten: 'What is the positive or negative sign of the iron atom in FeCl3?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Couscous is a food from what origin?'
Rewritten: 'Where does couscous come from?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do you improve fuel efficiency of a 2004, Ford Ikon?'
Rewritten: 'How can you make a 2004 Ford Ikon use less gas?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do anxiety and depression seem to coexist?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people with anxiety often feel sad too?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what does 5 by 5 mean?'
Rewritten: 'What does a 5 by 5 grid look like?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what factors cause the Earth to heat unevenly?'
Rewritten: 'why is the Earth not the same temperature everywhere?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is religious freedom more important today?'
Rewritten: 'Why is it important to have the freedom to practice religion now?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do I have to dumb myself down all the time though I am highly undereducated?'
Rewritten: 'Why do I have to make things easier for people who don't know as much as me?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why don't fat people have to pay more for air travel?'
Rewritten: 'Why should people who are overweight have to pay more for flying?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what exemplifies effective customer service?'
Rewritten: 'What shows good customer service?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what are some signs that puberty is beginning?'
Rewritten: 'How can you tell if you are starting to grow up?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'My city just put a ban on pit bulls, how do we reverse the decision?'
Rewritten: 'My town said no to pit bulls, how can we change their minds?'

Exercise: What is the purpose of the rewritten paragraph?
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Which auto insurance do you use and why?'
Rewritten: 'What car insurance do you have and why did you choose it?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do our elected federal senators and congressmen not have to live on regular S.S. like the rest of us?'
Rewritten: 'Why don't our elected federal senators and congressmen have to live in fancy houses like the rest of us?'

Exercise: What is
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'since i have premature ejaculation problem, how to satisfy my girl?'
Rewritten: 'I have a problem where I finish too quickly when I have sex. How can I make my girlfriend happy?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What do you order at Taco Bell?'
Rewritten: 'What do you get at Taco Bell?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do people feed poison (sugar) to their kids on Easter, and why are there no chocolate Jesuses?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people give their kids harmful food (sugar) on Easter, and why are there no chocolate Jesus figures?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why does my Black Lab howl to "Law and Order" theme song?'
Rewritten: 'Why does my dog howl to a song about police?'

Exercise: What is the name of the song that the Black Lab how
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do people say Germans are racists?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some people think Germans are mean to others?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what are mormens?'
Rewritten: 'What are men?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what does the prefix "cyclo" mean in greek mythology?'
Rewritten: 'What does the word "cycle" mean in stories about Greek gods and goddesses?'

Exercise: What is the meaning of the word
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'when it comes to religion why dont people realize history repeats itself?'
Rewritten: 'Why don't people understand that history often repeats itself?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why does loving someone hurts like hell?'
Rewritten: 'Why does having strong feelings for someone make you feel bad?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why was I punished for being christlike?'
Rewritten: 'Why did I get in trouble for being Christian?'

Exercise: Rewrite the following sentence using simpler language: 'I was punished for
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is the punishment for child molestors?'
Rewritten: 'What happens to people who hurt kids?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can i lose 30 pounds by june3?'
Rewritten: 'how can i lose weight by june?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What causes skin discoloration, specifically, whitening of the skin between fingers?'
Rewritten: 'Why does the skin between fingers become lighter in color?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do you have memories?'
Rewritten: 'How do you remember things?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'I know how I got here, but how did you?'
Rewritten: 'I know where I am, but how did you get here?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why don't commercial planes fly over the North Pole?'
Rewritten: 'Why can't planes fly over the North Pole?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do my baked potatos never taste near as good as when I get them in a nice restaurant?'
Rewritten: 'Why do my baked potatoes never taste as good as when I eat them at a fancy restaurant?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what color you like the most and why?'
Rewritten: 'What is your favorite color and why?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I get rid of the hicups?'
Rewritten: 'How can I stop the spasms in my throat?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why the media in US and Europe is always attacking the Arabs and Islam without finding the truth about them?'
Rewritten: 'Why do the media in the US and Europe always criticize the Arabs and Islam without finding out the real facts about them?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How does spending prolonged time in microgravity affect the bodies of astronauts?'
Rewritten: 'What happens to astronauts' bodies when they stay in space for a long time?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why did the founder of Daewoo get a 10-year jail sentence?'
Rewritten: 'What happened to the person who started Daewoo and why did they go to jail for 10 years?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How is th Chemistry is a basic of Science?'
Rewritten: 'What is Chemistry and why is it important?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how do crooks  make  fake   passports  ?'
Rewritten: 'How do bad people make fake passports?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how can I enjoy my time alone?'
Rewritten: 'What can I do by myself that makes me happy?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can i stop my husband from exhuming my baby's body for compensation?'
Rewritten: 'How can I stop my husband from digging up my baby's body for money?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What do doctors do when a patient has a Do Nor Resuscitate Order?'
Rewritten: 'How do doctors help patients who don't want to be resuscitated?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I develop leanbody and muscles?'
Rewritten: 'How can I get strong and fit?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is the difference between coolant and anti-freeze?'
Rewritten: 'How do you keep your car from freezing in the winter?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why is the new jersey smoking ban not considered unconstitutional?'
Rewritten: 'Why is the new rule about not smoking in the new jersey not against the law?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I remove the SIMM card on a LG VX8300 Cell Phone?'
Rewritten: 'How do I take out the SIM card on my LG phone?'

Exercise: What is the purpose of removing the SIM card from a
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I heat the water within a 150 gal tank that's open to the atmosphere in Feb.?'
Rewritten: 'How can I warm up the water in a big tank that's not covered in Feb.?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is there brail on the keypads at drive up ATM's?'
Rewritten: 'Why do ATM machines have brail on their keypads?'

Exercise: What is the purpose of brail on ATM keyp
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why does milk cost more than gas per gallon?'
Rewritten: 'Why is milk more expensive than gas?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'why do cats headbutt?'
Rewritten: 'Why do cats push their heads against things?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how good is apple pie when it is cold?'
Rewritten: 'How tasty is apple pie when it is chilly?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what are some easy ways to get a toddler to go to sleep without being mean?'
Rewritten: 'how can I make a toddler sleepy without being harsh?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what is meant by mobile technology?'
Rewritten: 'What is mobile technology?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is a nucleus?'
Rewritten: 'What is the center of an atom?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What is Blaphsemy?'
Rewritten: 'What does Blaphsemy mean?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What are the names of some famous photographers and why do their work stand up?'
Rewritten: 'Who are some well-known photographers and why are their pictures important?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why is Gordon Ramsey so popular?'
Rewritten: 'Why do a lot of people like Gordon Ramsey?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do Arabs and Mexicans look alike?'
Rewritten: 'Why do people from the Middle East and Mexico look similar?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how to rollover 401k into real estate?'
Rewritten: 'How can I move my 401k money into a house?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why hot air rises up?'
Rewritten: 'How does hot air go up?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I treat my Acne Scars?'
Rewritten: 'What can I do to make my Acne Scars go away?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how do i deap fry chicken?'
Rewritten: 'how do i cook chicken in hot oil?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'What does sholomister mean?'
Rewritten: 'What does the word "sholomister" mean?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why am I alive?'
Rewritten: 'What is the reason for my existence?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How do I keep black birds out of my bar-b-que grill?'
Rewritten: 'How can I stop black birds from getting into my grill while I cook?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do parent put kids on restriction?'
Rewritten: 'Why do parents limit what their kids can do?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How come Compton is only designated for black people?'
Rewritten: Why is Compton only for black people?

Exercise: What is the purpose of the Compton Police Department?
Answer: The Compton Police Department
Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'Why do some people only go to church on Easter Sunday and never go again until Christmas ?'
Rewritten: 'Why do some people only go to church on Easter Sunday and never go again until Christmas?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'what causes gray facial hair in men?'
Rewritten: 'why do some men get gray hair on their face?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'how for is saturn from the sun?'
Rewritten: 'How far is Saturn from the Sun?'

Rewrite this query using broader and simpler terms: 'How can I get rid of pimples on my back?'
Rewritten: 'What can I do to make my back less bumpy?'

